=Initiative, support, suggestion=
During the discussion phase you can support this initiative giving the initiators important feed-back about the approval level of the current draft. Apart from that you can communicate via suggestions (for making changes), what can still be improved, or indicate conditions under which you can imagine to give your support. 

You can follow suggestions of other members (thereby increasing the weight of these suggestions) and come up with your own (additional) suggestions. You can mark suggestions that you believe to be mandatory changes from your point of view, for you to approve with ,,must'', and nice-to-have ones with ,,should''. You can also be skeptical of suggestions and mark them with ,,should not''. You can mark a suggestion that, if realized, would lead you to disapprove, with ,,must not''. 
=revised draft, realization notes=
Based on the (classified and quantified) suggestions the initiators decide what to present better, add or change in a new draft. The improved draft will be submitted to the supporters to ask for confirmation. Supporters can mark suggestions as implemented, if from their point of view the suggestions has been (sufficiently) implemented. Individual supporters can judge this quite differently.
=invite further initiators, revoke an initiative=
An initiator can invite further initiators thereby granting them equal rights on editing the draft. Every initiator of an initiative can revoke the initiative and recommend another alternative initiative to the supporters on request.
=if you don't get heard=
If the initiators, for inexplicable reasons, do not consider your suggestion, you can, of course, start your own initiative anytime.
=if you disapprove this initiative=
If you disapprove this initiative fundamentally, you should do nothing at all on this page, but support the initiative(s), that you are positive about, and/or start your own initiative related to this issue. If you are not already a member of the area you can increase the population of the necessary support quorum by becoming a member of the area or by adding your interest to the issue. You can achieve the same effect by delegating to a member of the area or a member interested at the issue. **Only for state ,,New'':** If the issue of this initiative is still in the state ,,New'' and, in fact, you do not want to discuss this issue at all, you should first only become a member of the area or add interest to the issue, but not give any suggestions, making you a (potential) supporter. Also, you should not yet start a counter initiative, which might raise the issue above the minimum admission level.
